No, they're not qualified.
What is your identity?
What is our status?
Why do you say we are not qualified?
Is if
What grade is the Eight Wilderness quilt?
Pull out the person who can't be picked up
Then isn't it a joke that we are downstairs?
If the Eight Wilderness is pulled out by Mr. Lin
Then you are the joke
Everyone is equal, regardless of birth or poverty.
The so-called proud son of heaven
Just don't want the world to fall
A man who does his best to break the shackles of fate
Just words
It's not all relying on Lord Fengming Monkey to protect you
Otherwise, I don't have your say, shut up
Mr. Lin, if you want to go up and draw a knife
I support you.
But you have to be careful.
No, you can't.
Zhou Heng
You are incompetent
Don't you give others a chance?
Sir, today is the Lark restart.
The day Long Shuai came out of the mountain
Don't let
This one continues to pull out the Eight Wilderness Fierce Sword
If you let Lord Long Shuai know
Will not forgive us lightly
That's right, these Eight Desolate Swords
It is the intention of Long Shuai to go out of the mountain
If so
I can't let this kid burn fat
Otherwise it will implicate us
Lord Fengming Hou
You also don't want to be because of a small role
And let us downstairs give the Heaven Dou Legion
Does it leave a bad impression?
Mr. Lin, this is really long-winded.
When will I draw my own knife?
Also with your permission
What, Mr. Lin?
You said the knife was yours